README.md, before:



Leveraging player stats to build a full AFL season simulation.

> python3 -i afl_season.py -y [year]

After initialization, season can be accessed with variable: "season"

The following instances are stored as season attributes: 
-- each season attribute can use search() command to see if string in name
-- eg. season.teams[17].season_stats, season.players.search("Marcus")

season.ladder(round_num) - prints ladder after specified season

season.players:  stats()  averages()  name  first_name  last_name  dob  height  weight  attributes  season_stats  season_averages  disposals  kicks  marks  handballs  goals  behinds  hit_outs  tackles  rebounds  inside_50s  clearances  clangers  frees_for  frees_against  brownlow_votes  contested_poss  uncontested_poss  contested_marks  marks_inside_50  one_percenters  bounces  goal_assists  games_played  games_injured  stamina  injured  injury_duration

season.teams:  stats()  averages()  name  roster  wins  losses  draws  premiership_points  games_played  finals_played  points_for  points_against  percentage  home_stadium  roster_ranking_points  best_22_ranking_points  season_stats  season_averages

season.hagames & season.finals:  name  date  weekday  start_time  home_team  away_team  stadium  attendance  home_22  away_22  homeranking  awayranking  home_score  away_score  final_score  home_stats  away_stats  game_stats  home_player_stats  away_player_stats  temperature  rainfall

season.hagames:  round_num

season.finals:  final_type  week_of_finals  winner  loser

season.stadiums:  name  location  capacity

season.rounds:  round_num  games

Commit message:

[best and fairest and brownlow awards]

README.md, after:



Leveraging player stats to build a full AFL season simulation.

> python3 -i afl_season.py -y [year]

After initialization, season can be accessed with variable: "season"

The following instances are stored as season attributes: 
-- each season attribute can use search() command to see if string in name
-- eg. season.teams[17].season_stats, season.players.search("Marcus")

season.ladder(round_num) - prints ladder after specified season

season.brownlow_medal() - simulates the league best and fairest award

season.players:  stats()  averages()  name  first_name  last_name  dob  height  weight  attributes  season_stats  season_averages  disposals  kicks  marks  handballs  goals  behinds  hit_outs  tackles  rebounds  inside_50s  clearances  clangers  frees_for  frees_against  brownlow_votes  contested_poss  uncontested_poss  contested_marks  marks_inside_50  one_percenters  bounces  goal_assists  games_played  games_injured  stamina  injured  injury_duration

season.teams:  stats()  averages()  name  roster  wins  losses  draws  premiership_points  games_played  finals_played  points_for  points_against  percentage  home_stadium  roster_ranking_points  best_22_ranking_points  season_stats  season_averages

season.hagames & season.finals:  name  date  weekday  start_time  home_team  away_team  stadium  attendance  home_22  away_22  homeranking  awayranking  home_score  away_score  final_score  home_stats  away_stats  game_stats  home_player_stats  away_player_stats  temperature  rainfall

season.hagames:  round_num

season.finals:  final_type  week_of_finals  winner  loser

season.stadiums:  name  location  capacity

season.rounds:  round_num  games
